-----------------
about PENDUINBITS
-----------------

Not that anyone would be fooled, but just to be clear, penduinbits is
me.  One guy who likes Free software, likes to make toys, and whose
single marketable skill is software programming.

I use the handle "penduin", because it's a cool slight mispronounciation
of "penguin", an oddball sort of animal to which I don't have any special
connection, other than my fondness for Linux and all its GNU
surroundings.  I use the name "penduinbits" in place of a company or
organization where such identifiers are expected, and it's pretty
accurate.  The stuff I create and/or show off and/or distribute and/or
sell is going to be made of bits, most likely.  I can scribble some
amusing pictures, but I'm no artist.  I can cobble together simple
music, but I'm no musician.  I make bits.  I arrange digital information
into bit patterns with which people can (I hope) have fun.


-------------
about Picross
-------------

For being a massively serial (and only slightly ashamed) Nintendo
consumer,  I "earned" some free downloads, including a classic Game Boy
game, "Mario's Picross".  I didn't create Picross and neither did
Nintendo, but that was where I started loving the concept.  It struck me
as the kind of thing that should exist on a phone or tablet, Enyo struck
me as a good platform, and I struck me as the kind of person that could
make it happen.  So I did.

Most Picross implementations I've seen have used grids that were
multiples of five.  Counting on fingers isn't as natural to me as using
powers of two.  I'm a software engineer, that's what I swim in.  Plus,
in early experiments, the Palm Pre screen fit an 8x8 puzzle perfectly,
with anything bigger having cells that were too small to easily touch.
This unusual size had the added advantage of forcing me to not copy
puzzles I've seen elsewhere.  I might be lazy enough to lift the game's
mechanics, but I'm not interested in plagarizing anybody else's Picross.
